# # ProductVariationProductsV5SandboxOnly

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**productReference** | **string** | The productReference groups all variations, that you want to combine into one product. This is not visible to the customer. The productReference can be freely assigned and may consist of maximum 50 characters. You can only use the productReference once within your product catalog. You should therefore use a value that makes sense for all variations of the product and does not refer to any specifics of a particular variation. You will find the product reference, for example, in the product overview in the portal. |
**sku** | **string** | Identifier for a product variation, provided by the partner, must be unique for a partner. It is mandatory, may consist of a maximum of 50 characters and must not contain leading or trailing spaces or non-printable Unicode control characters. |
**ean** | **string** | External identifier of a product, must be unique in a partner assortment, must not start with a 2. |
**pzn** | **string** | Pharmazentralnummer, a german standard for identifying pharmaceutical products. | [optional]
**mpn** | **string** | Manufacturer part number, may consist of a maximum of 50 characters. | [optional]
**moin** | **string** | Is an identifier, generated by the OTTO marketplace, for a product variation together with the associated content. Is used in the context of \&quot;Wettbewerb am Artikel\&quot; to confirm the content of the existing variation and its correctness and to put the own offer live for this variation. | [optional]
**releaseDate** | **\DateTime** | ISO8601 Date (e.g. 2024-08-01T08:00:00+0100) on which the product is released by the manufacturer, e.g. computer games. | [optional]
**productDescription** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\ProductDescriptionProductsV5SandboxOnly**](ProductDescriptionProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) |  |
**mediaAssets** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\MediaAssetProductsV5SandboxOnly[]**](MediaAssetProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) | A list of media assets describing this product variation. Currently these may only be static images of the types JPG or PNG with a RGB color space. Furthermore the images have to have a minimum size of 500 x 1000 pixel and a maximum width of 4500 pixel. |
**order** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\OrderProductsV5SandboxOnly**](OrderProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) |  | [optional]
**delivery** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\DeliveryProductsV5SandboxOnly**](DeliveryProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) |  | [optional]
**pricing** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\PricingProductsV5SandboxOnly**](PricingProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) |  |
**logistics** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\LogisticsProductsV5SandboxOnly**](LogisticsProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) |  | [optional]
**compliance** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Otto\Model\ProductComplianceProductsV5SandboxOnly**](ProductComplianceProductsV5SandboxOnly.md) |  |

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
